#1. mean() function calculates mean of an array of data.
#2. sd() similarly calculates the standard deviation of an array of data.
#3. cor(f1, f2) calculates the correlation between two sets of data f1 and f2. Data sets are represented
	by arrays.
#4. plot(x, y) plots two sets of data. The first argument is represented by horizontal axis, the second argument is represented by
    verticle axis.
#5. Help options:

		help.start()					General help.
		help("foo") or ?foo				Help on function foo. Quotation mark is optional.
		help.search("foo) or ??foo		Searches the help system for the instances of string "foo".
		example("foo")					Example of function foo. Quotation mark is optional.
		RSiteSearch("foo")				Searches for the string foo in online help manuals and archieve mailing lists.
		apropos("foo", mode="function")	Lists all available functions with "foo" in their name.
		data()							Lists all available example dataset contained in currently loaded packages.
		vignette()						Lists all available vignettes for currently installed packages.
		vignette("foo")					Displays specific vignette for topic "foo".


#6. Functions for managing R workspace:

		getwd()							Like pwd command in bash.
		setwd("dir")					Like cd command in bash.
		ls()							Lists all the objects in current workspace.
		rm(objlist...)					Removes one or more onjects.
		help(options)					Shows options settings.
		Options()						Let the user see or set current options.
		history(#)						Display last # no. of commands. Default is 25.
		savehistory("myFile")			Saves the command history to specified file. Default is ".Rhistory".
		loadhistory("myFile")			Loads the command history of specified file. Default is ".Rhistory".
		save.image("myFile")			Saves the workspace image to specified file. Default is ".RData".
		save(objlist..., file="myfl")	Saves specified objects to specified file.
		load("myfl")					Load a wrokspace image from specified file to current session.
		q()								Quit.

#7. hist(X) plots the histogram of dataset X.
